README.md, before:

# Code Journal


## January 18, 2022

### Goal: Complete a wireframe chart
 [How to draw a wireframe](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/draw-wireframe-even-if-you-cant-draw/)

 - sign up for a Figma education account
 - [how to use figma](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jk1T0CdLxwU)
- credit to Jesse Showalter on Youtube







## January 17, 2022

### Assignment 2 due today
- Collaboration and merge conflicts
   - [x] Handed in assignment at 12:53pm 1/17/22

### I want to work on my assignments this semester before the assigned due date
- work on assignment during the lab period
- work on the assignment during some of the class breaks
- take some time to review the day of class so I am not behind on my work

#### I am basing my performance of this goal based off of:
- If the assignment is done before the due date
- How much stress I feel 
- amount of commits I have per assignment per day

### Goal: Write in my journal every class day
#### I struggle with organization and writing things down, this could help keep me organized
- Take notes from class
- Copy and paste helpful links into my journal instead of google docs
- Use my journal for reminders of how to do certain things and for due dates
- Would help with what needs to be done in order to stay ahead of schedule

### Goal: Step out of my own box while trying to code(when I think of an idea)
#### steps to complete this goal:
1. get the blueprint of what I want to do established
    - maybe write down in journal?
2. Figure out what coding language would work best for this situation
3. Learn how to create page
4. Create code (Make sure I am actually learning something new instead of just copy pasting)
5. Reflect
- is the product any good?
    - Did I learn something and is it important to what I need to know?

### Reminder that First assignment of dsgn-270 is due on Jan 19

### Get ready for tomorrow
[lesson](https://sait-wbdv.netlify.app/dsgn-270/lessons/day-02)
- open all the tools you need to journal
- ask questions you may have on this assignment




## January 12, 2022

Learning how to use Git Bash and GitHub are a bit confusing but I am eager to learn it and be more fluent in what commands to use.  Luckily lots of the stuff I may have troubles with I can fix by doing a quick google search or just through doing it enough times that I figure it out. I took computer science in highschool and a little bit in University so I have lots of basics but I have never worked with Git before or any type of terminal so all of this is new to me this semester. Some of the languages I have learned are:

- html
- css
- javascript
- c++
- jquery

I know lots of the basics in html and css, but with the other languages would need some refreshing before I was used to them again.

Commit message:

ideas for my wireframe project

README.md, after:

# Code Journal


## January 18, 2022

### Goal: Complete a wireframe chart
 [How to draw a wireframe](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/draw-wireframe-even-if-you-cant-draw/)

 - [x] sign up for a Figma education account
 - [how to use figma](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jk1T0CdLxwU)
- credit to Jesse Showalter on Youtube

- I think I will do youtube for my wireframe project
    - as a student, I want to watch a how to video so I can further understand an assignment
    - as a creator, I want to upload a video so I can expand my audience and make more ad revenue
    - As a user, I want to upgrade to youtube premium so I no longer have to watch advertisements





## January 17, 2022

### Assignment 2 due today
- Collaboration and merge conflicts
   - [x] Handed in assignment at 12:53pm 1/17/22

### I want to work on my assignments this semester before the assigned due date
- work on assignment during the lab period
- work on the assignment during some of the class breaks
- take some time to review the day of class so I am not behind on my work

#### I am basing my performance of this goal based off of:
- If the assignment is done before the due date
- How much stress I feel 
- amount of commits I have per assignment per day

### Goal: Write in my journal every class day
#### I struggle with organization and writing things down, this could help keep me organized
- Take notes from class
- Copy and paste helpful links into my journal instead of google docs
- Use my journal for reminders of how to do certain things and for due dates
- Would help with what needs to be done in order to stay ahead of schedule

### Goal: Step out of my own box while trying to code(when I think of an idea)
#### steps to complete this goal:
1. get the blueprint of what I want to do established
    - maybe write down in journal?
2. Figure out what coding language would work best for this situation
3. Learn how to create page
4. Create code (Make sure I am actually learning something new instead of just copy pasting)
5. Reflect
- is the product any good?
    - Did I learn something and is it important to what I need to know?

### Reminder that First assignment of dsgn-270 is due on Jan 19

### Get ready for tomorrow
[lesson](https://sait-wbdv.netlify.app/dsgn-270/lessons/day-02)
- open all the tools you need to journal
- ask questions you may have on this assignment




## January 12, 2022

Learning how to use Git Bash and GitHub are a bit confusing but I am eager to learn it and be more fluent in what commands to use.  Luckily lots of the stuff I may have troubles with I can fix by doing a quick google search or just through doing it enough times that I figure it out. I took computer science in highschool and a little bit in University so I have lots of basics but I have never worked with Git before or any type of terminal so all of this is new to me this semester. Some of the languages I have learned are:

- html
- css
- javascript
- c++
- jquery

I know lots of the basics in html and css, but with the other languages would need some refreshing before I was used to them again.
